README.md, before:

# NIH Bring Your Own Bioinformatics (NIH BYOB) Presentations

This repository contains materials (slides, example code/data, etc.) related to
presentations given at NIH BYOB.

For some background on the motivation and goals for NIH BYOB, you can check out the 
[NIH BYOB Intro slides](https://khughitt.github.io/nih-byob-intro/#1).

## Presentations

#### 2019

- 19/05 [Bioinformatics tips I wish I learned 10 years ago](2019/05_bioinformatics-tips) (Keith Hughitt)
- 19/06 [Using Singularity Containers for Reproducible Research](2019/06_singularity-for-reproducible-research) (Henoke Shiferaw)
- 19/07 [Long reads: from mapping to genome assembly](2019/07-long-reads) (Arang Rhie)
- 19/08 [Organizing Data Science Projects](2019/08_organizing-data-science-projects) (Justin Fear)
- 19/10 [Cloud Computing for Big Data: NCI’s Data and Cloud Resources](2019/10_cancer-genomics-cloud) (Durga Addepalli & Dave Roberson)
- 19/11 [Bioinformatics for proteogenomics](2019/11_bioinformatics-for-proteogenomics) (Chris Kinsinger)

#### 2020

- 20/02 [Python in HPC](2020/02_python-in-hpc) (Wolfgang Resch)
- 20/04 [Python in HPC](2020/02_python-in-hpc) (Wolfgang Resch)
- 20/05 [Shiny for Data Exploration](2020/02_shiny-for-data-exploration) (Apratim Mitra)
- 20/06 [Bioinformatics pipelines using JUDI: Just Do It!](2020/06_pipelines_using_judi) (Soumitra Pal)

Commit message:

Added biowulf storage presentation; normalized paths

README.md, after:

# NIH Bring Your Own Bioinformatics (NIH BYOB) Presentations

This repository contains materials (slides, example code/data, etc.) related to
presentations given at NIH BYOB.

For some background on the motivation and goals for NIH BYOB, you can check out the 
[NIH BYOB Intro slides](https://khughitt.github.io/nih-byob-intro/#1).

## Presentations

#### 2020

- 20/02 [Python in HPC](2020/02_python-in-hpc) (Wolfgang Resch)
- 20/04 [Shiny for Data Exploration](2020/04_shiny-for-data-exploration) (Apratim Mitra)
- 20/05 [Making better use of Biowulf storage](2020/05_biowulf-storage) (Tim Miller)
- 20/06 [Bioinformatics pipelines using JUDI: Just Do It!](2020/06_pipelines-using-judi) (Soumitra Pal)

#### 2019

- 19/05 [Bioinformatics tips I wish I learned 10 years ago](2019/05_bioinformatics-tips) (Keith Hughitt)
- 19/06 [Using Singularity Containers for Reproducible Research](2019/06_singularity-for-reproducible-research) (Henoke Shiferaw)
- 19/07 [Long reads: from mapping to genome assembly](2019/07_long-reads) (Arang Rhie)
- 19/08 [Organizing Data Science Projects](2019/08_organizing-data-science-projects) (Justin Fear)
- 19/10 [Cloud Computing for Big Data: NCI’s Data and Cloud Resources](2019/10_cancer-genomics-cloud) (Durga Addepalli & Dave Roberson)
- 19/11 [Bioinformatics for proteogenomics](2019/11_bioinformatics-for-proteogenomics) (Chris Kinsinger)
